and another vehicle well tonight police
tell us that they have impounded a
vehicle but the suspects themselves are
still on the loose R&I le release
towards left in the water burger at
Cimarron in Saratoga with more on INE
got the a lots of unanswered questions
for family members they say their 25
year old son was a good kid and loved by
everyone he's such a good boy he didn't
deserve that I feel the same way I don't
know who would what kind of person does
that to someone else
as you may remember the victim 25 year
old Aaron wadis was here at the water
Berger off of Saratoga and Cimarron
Saturday morning he got out of his car
and his cargo car door ding the vehicle
parked next to his a group of suspects
confronted the 25 year old and beat it
to beat him to death the suspects were
able to get away in a 2013 white Ford
Explorer police confirmed to us today
that they have impounded the vehicle
thanks to witnesses information they are
currently inspecting the vehicle for DNA
evidence that would help identify the
suspects the family is asking for anyone
with information to please come forward
and help bring justice I'm asking
there's somebody out there somebody out
there knows what happened they know who
this person is I mean if you could just
come out and just just say what you know
because you would want the same thing as
for that suspect vehicle has not been
reported stolen and it was found at the
residence of the owner police do not
have anyone detained or arrested they're
still trying to figure out who was
driving the vehicle and who was in the
vehicle at the time but when the
incident happened before they actually
can move forward with the investigation
now this story has impacted the entire
community on our Facebook page we have
had over 645 comments over 317 people
have shared this story and over 77,000
people have seen this story and
everybody just shocked and in disbelief
and they just want justice served got
the app back to you it's a tragic story
that's touching a lot of people all
right on I only thank you and we did
reach out to water burger and they sent
out a statement to us they sent the
condolences to the whatas family and
they added this about their security
measures saying quote this restaurant is
monitored overnight on weekends by a
roving security team that also monitors
other nearby restaurants we are
cooperating with police and appreciate
the quick and thorough response of the
Corpus Christi Police Department now
police do have a vague description on
one of the suspects just a Hispanic male
about 61 weighing about 220 pounds and
wore a white shirt and baggy blue jeans
if you can help police call Crime
Stoppers at 880 IPS and you may be
eligible for a cash reward